Update bot_info.md (#62)
PyDrocsid/documentation: docs/cogs/information/bot_info.md

> # Bot Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Botinfo
```

> The bot_info-cog contains information about the bot and his tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot-info-cog contains information about the bot and its tasks.
```

## `github`
The `.github` command returns the link from the [PyDrocsid page](https://github.com/PyDrocsid/).

```css
.[github|gh]
```

## `version`

> The `.version` command returns the current bot version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.version` command returns the current version of the bot.
```

```css
.[version|v]
```

## `info`

> The `.info` command returns a information embed about the bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.info` command returns an information embed about the bot.
```

```css
.[info|infos|about]
```

## `admininfo`
The `.admininfo` command returns more detailed information about the bot. (Requires `bot_info.admininfo`-permissions)
```css
.[admininfo|admininfos]
```

## `contributors`

> The `.contributors` command returns a list of all people who have programmed the bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.contributors` command returns a list of all people that contributed to the bot.
```

```css
.[contributors|contri|con]
```

## `cogs`

> The `cogs` command returns a list of the current active cogs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cogs` command returns a list of the currently used cogs.
```

```css
.cogs
```

# status_task

> The status message can be changed in the `en.yml` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status message can be changed in the `en.yml` file.
```

# Bot Info

This cog contains information about the bot and its tasks.

## Commands

### `info`

> The `.info` command shows information about the bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.info` command shows information about the bot.

```

```css
.[info|infos|about]
```

> The information given by this command include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information given by this command includes:
```
Since information is uncountable, it is grammatically singular. Regardless of the meaning, it should be "includes".

- Bot name and description
- Author
- Contributors
- Version
- Number of enabled cogs
- Github repository

> - [Discord](https://discord.pydrocsid.ml/) and [GitHub](https://github.com/PyDrocsid) links of the PyDrocsid framework

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- PyDrocsid [Discord](https://discord.pydrocsid.ml/){target=_blank} and [GitHub](https://github.com/PyDrocsid){target=_blank} links
```

- Prefix
- Help command
- Where to submit bug reports and feature requests

### `version`

> The `.version` command returns the current version of the bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.version` command returns the bot's current version.
```

> The `.version` command returns the bot's current version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.version` command returns the bot's current version.

```

```css
.[version|v]
```

### `github`

> The `.github` command returns information about the GitHub repository of the bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.github` command returns information about the bot's GitHub repository.
```

```css
.[github|gh]
```

### `contributors`

> The `.contributors` command returns a list of all people that contributed to the bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.contributors` command returns a list of all people that contributed to the bot.

```

```css
.[contributors|contri|con]
```

### `cogs`

> The `cogs` command returns a list of all cogs currently in use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.cogs` command returns a list of all cogs currently in use.
```

> The `.cogs` command returns a list of all cogs currently in use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.cogs` command returns a list of all cogs currently in use.

```

```css
.cogs
```

## Status Message

> The bot displays a status message that is updated every 20 seconds. The list of status strings is defined under the `profile_status` [translation key](https://docs.pydrocsid.ml/library/translations/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bot displays a status message that is updated every 20 seconds. The list of status strings is defined under the `profile_status` [translation key](https://docs.pydrocsid.ml/library/translations/){target=_blank}.
```
